[IMP] accounting: update cheat sheet (#3045)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/finance/accounting/getting_started/cheat_sheet.rst

:code-column:
:custom-css: accounting.css
:custom-js: accounts.js,chart-of-accounts.js,entries.js,misc.js,reconciliation.js

======================
Accounting cheat sheet
======================

.. h:div:: intro-list

   .. rst-class:: intro-balance

   The **Balance Sheet** is a snapshot of the company's finances at a specific date (as opposed to
   the Profit and Loss, which is an analysis over a period);

   * .. rst-class:: intro-assets

     **Assets** represent the company's wealth, things it owns. Fixed assets includes buildings and
     offices, and current assets include bank accounts and cash. A client owing money is an asset.
     An employee is not an asset.

   * .. rst-class:: intro-liabilities

     **Liabilities** are obligations from past events that the company will have to pay in the
     future (utility bills, debts, unpaid suppliers). Liabilities could also be defined as a source

>      of financing which is provided to the company, also called *leverage*.

Author: updated. I also replaced the second "and" by "while" to avoid repetition: 
Fixed assets include buildings and offices, while current assets include bank accounts and cash.

* the links between the payments and the invoices are detected at the bank
  matching process

.. h:div:: doc-aside reconciliation-example

   .. rubric:: Customer Statement Example

   .. rst-class:: table-sm d-c-table

   +-------------------------+-------------------------+-----------------------+
   |Accounts Receivable      |Debit                    |Credit                 |
   +=========================+=========================+=======================+
   |Invoice 1                |100                      |                       |
   +-------------------------+-------------------------+-----------------------+
   |Partial payment 1/2      |                         |70                     |
   +-------------------------+-------------------------+-----------------------+
   |Invoice 2                |65                       |                       |
   +-------------------------+-------------------------+-----------------------+
   |Partial payment 2/2      |                         |30                     |
   +-------------------------+-------------------------+-----------------------+
   |Payment 2                |                         |65                     |

>    +-------------------------+-------------------------+-----------------------+

Reviewer: @Donapi do you see any changes in my feedback? I changed some typos but I'm not seeing them in my modifications in red...

>    +-------------------------+-------------------------+-----------------------+

Author: No, I don't see them... @jaae-odoo

   |Invoice 3                |50                       |                       |
   +-------------------------+-------------------------+-----------------------+
   |                         |                         |                       |
   +-------------------------+-------------------------+-----------------------+
   |Total to pay             |50                       |                       |
   +-------------------------+-------------------------+-----------------------+

Bank Reconciliation
===================

Bank reconciliation is the matching of bank statement lines (provided by your bank) with
transactions recorded internally (payments to suppliers or from customers). For each line in a bank
statement, it can be:

**matched with a previously recorded payment**: a payment is registered when a check is received
from a customer, then matched when checking the bank statement.

**recorded as a new payment**: the payment’s journal entry is created and reconciled with the
related invoice when processing the bank statement

**recorded as another transaction**: bank transfer, direct charge, etc.

> Odoo should automatically reconcile most transactions, only a few of them should need manual review.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Odoo should automatically reconcile most transactions; only a few should need manual review.
```

When the bank reconciliation process is finished, the balance on the bank account in Odoo should
match the bank statement’s balance.

.. rst-class:: checks-handling

Checks Handling
===============

> There are two approaches to manage checks and internal wire transfer:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two approaches to managing checks and an internal wire transfer:
```

Reviewer: Or if it's about various wire transfers:

```suggestion
There are two approaches to managing checks and internal wire transfers:
```
